Improve visibility of documentation for pipeline visualisation on Databricks (#2468)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/workflow_integration/databricks_visualisation.md

# Visualise a Kedro project in Databricks notebooks

> [Kedro-Viz](../visualisation/kedro-viz_visualisation.md) is a tool that allows you to visualise your Kedro pipeline. It is a standalone web application that runs on a web browser, it can be run on a local machine or in Databricks notebooks.

Reviewer: Please can you avoid "allows you" and replace with "enables you" in most cases.

There's no "allow" -- it doesn't grant permission but offers the ability to do something, so typically it's a better choice to use "enable" or even, wince, "facilitates"

For Kedro-Viz to run with your Kedro project, you need to ensure that both the packages are installed in the same scope (notebook-scoped vs. cluster library). This means that if you `%pip install kedro` from inside your notebook then you should also `%pip install kedro-viz` from inside your notebook.
If your cluster comes with Kedro installed on it as a library already then you should also add Kedro-Viz as a [cluster library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/libraries/cluster-libraries).

To run Kedro-Viz on Databricks you must first [launch the Kedro IPython extension](./databricks_workspace.md#9-using-the-kedro-ipython-extension).

Kedro-Viz can then be launched in a new browser tab with the `%run_viz` line magic:

```ipython

> In [2]: %run_viz

Reviewer 2: Should we remove the `In [2]:` here?

Reviewer: I think so, either that or show it as a screen capture so it's clear that it comes from the notebook and is not something you type in.

```

> This command will present you with a link to the Kedro-Viz web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command presents you with a link to the Kedro-Viz web application.
```
